com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpidikotDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpidikotDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthFyloYpalHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthFyloYpalHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpkratServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpkratServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthFyloEpidomDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthFyloEpidomDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/AfxptoseisHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.AfxptoseisHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/UsrgroupsServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.UsrgroupsServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpkratDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpkratDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthReportServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthReportServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthFyloEpidomServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthFyloEpidomServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthYpalYvarServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthYpalYvarServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZptamioDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZptamioDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthFinalHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthFinalHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthFyloYpalDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthFyloYpalDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/UsractionsHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.UsractionsHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthFinalYpalKratHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthFinalYpalKratHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpoikogHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpoikogHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthFinalYpalEpidomDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthFinalYpalEpidomDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthReportDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthReportDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpepidomServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpepidomServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/AfxptoseisDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.AfxptoseisDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthFyloEpidomHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthFyloEpidomHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/UsractionsDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.UsractionsDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/UsrmembersDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.UsrmembersDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZptmimaDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZptmimaDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/AfxfilterDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.AfxfilterDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpoikogServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpoikogServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthYpalHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthYpalHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpstathHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpstathHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpstathDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpstathDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpperiodHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpperiodHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthFyloKratServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthFyloKratServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthReportColsServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthReportColsServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthYpalServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthYpalServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpepidomDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpepidomDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthFinalYpalServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthFinalYpalServiceTest
com/test/abc/utils/TestUtils.java
 com.test.abc.utils.TestUtils
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpkatServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpkatServiceTest
com/test/abc/utils/JsonParserTest.java
 com.test.abc.utils.JsonParserTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthFyloYpalServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthFyloYpalServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/UsruserpermHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.UsruserpermHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpepidomHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpepidomHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/UsrgroupsDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.UsrgroupsDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/AfxfilterdDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.AfxfilterdDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpidikotHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpidikotHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/UsrgroupsHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.UsrgroupsHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZptamioHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZptamioHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/AfxfilterdHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.AfxfilterdHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthYpalDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthYpalDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthFyloDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthFyloDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthKratapodDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthKratapodDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthFinalYpalEpidomServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthFinalYpalEpidomServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/UsrusersServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.UsrusersServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpyvarHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpyvarHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/AfxfilterServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.AfxfilterServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/UsractionsServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.UsractionsServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZptitlosServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZptitlosServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthFinalYpalKratServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthFinalYpalKratServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpkatDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpkatDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZptitlosHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZptitlosHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthFyloHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthFyloHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpyvarServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpyvarServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/UsrusersDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.UsrusersDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthKratapodServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthKratapodServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/AfxfilterdServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.AfxfilterdServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZptitlosDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZptitlosDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpxrisiDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpxrisiDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpoikogDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpoikogDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpidikotServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpidikotServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/PropertyGeneratorFactory.java
 com.test.abc.dao.PropertyGeneratorFactory
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpthesiDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpthesiDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/UsruserpermServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.UsruserpermServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/UsrgrouppermDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.UsrgrouppermDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthReportYpalDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthReportYpalDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/StandaloneJpaDao.java
 com.test.abc.dao.StandaloneJpaDao
com/test/abc/handler/MisthFinalYpalEpidomHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthFinalYpalEpidomHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpkatHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpkatHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/UsrgrouppermHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.UsrgrouppermHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthFyloKratHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthFyloKratHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthFinalYpalDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthFinalYpalDaoTest
com/test/abc/dto/AfxfilterDtoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dto.AfxfilterDtoTest
com/test/abc/service/UsrappsServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.UsrappsServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/UsruserpermDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.UsruserpermDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZptamioServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZptamioServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthReportHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthReportHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthFyloKratDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthFyloKratDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthFinalDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthFinalDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpperiodDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpperiodDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpthesiHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpthesiHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpthesiServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpthesiServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthReportColsDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthReportColsDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthKratapodHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthKratapodHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpperiodServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpperiodServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthReportYpalServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthReportYpalServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZptmimaHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZptmimaHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/UsrmembersHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.UsrmembersHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/AfxptoseisServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.AfxptoseisServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthFinalServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthFinalServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthReportYpalHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthReportYpalHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpxrisiServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpxrisiServiceTest
com/test/abc/dao/UsrappsDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.UsrappsDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/UsrappsHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.UsrappsHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthFyloServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthFyloServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpxrisiHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpxrisiHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthReportColsHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthReportColsHandlerTest
com/test/abc/handler/AfxfilterHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.AfxfilterHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthZpyvarDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthZpyvarDaoTest
com/test/abc/handler/UsrusersHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.UsrusersHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZpstathServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZpstathServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthFinalYpalHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthFinalYpalHandlerTest
com/test/abc/service/UsrmembersServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.UsrmembersServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthYpalYvarHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthYpalYvarHandlerTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthYpalYvarDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthYpalYvarDaoTest
com/test/abc/dao/MisthFinalYpalKratDaoTest.java
 com.test.abc.dao.MisthFinalYpalKratDaoTest
com/test/abc/service/MisthZptmimaServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.MisthZptmimaServiceTest
com/test/abc/service/UsrgrouppermServiceTest.java
 com.test.abc.service.UsrgrouppermServiceTest
com/test/abc/handler/MisthZpkratHandlerTest.java
 com.test.abc.handler.MisthZpkratHandlerTest
